Hey, what's going on?
It's Bill Burr and It's time for the Monday morning podcasts from Monday,
February 8th, 2016 what's going on everybody else,
Huh? All my Darlin, Oman, Darlin, Oman, Darl in Denver,
Colorado,
bunch of hippies and some miners and the womb boat trophy.
I'm congratulations to everybody in rocky,
Matt and Colorado.
Keelan fuck and calves and Stinky Greeley,
Greeley, Colorado. Man. If you ever want to know,
you know what a bunch of murdered cow smell like for the next time you eat a
burger. I suggest you go there on a bad smell day.
That's where they call it. Bad Smell Day.
And then you call up the slaughterhouse. You're like, hey, could you fucking a,
could you fucking tone it down a little?
You know the winds blow it down to my house.
Why don't you lay off killing those fucking cows? You know, not saying that.
Don't like Burke Burke
in San Francisco and all those limousine liberals out in Hollywood.
I'm out there eating them. Fucking Tofu patties.
You know that shit causes cancer, don't you? The fuck is it Tofu?
I'm sorry. Congratulations to the Denver Broncos. And guess what?
All Billy bred face. He wanted a little bit of money, but none the old,
the old man. Yo Man, Moo River. I'm
sorry. I'm very happy for a Peyton manning man.
I though I just,
I didn't want to see him go in there and get his fucking ass kicked and I won't,
I know what you guys are thinking. Hey Bill, why did you bet on the Broncos?
You didn't say shit predict in one way or the other? Um,
I didn't have a, I didn't have any feelings one way or the other on the, uh,
on the game. I thought what a lot of people thought.
I just thought the fucking panthers were gonna if they got up early it was going
to get ugly and uh, I don't know.
But then just everybody was saying it, everybody kept fucking saying it.
You know, dude, the panties dude fucking cake, right?
Everyone was just saying that the panthers were going to fucking destroy.
They went to win by 17 two. It's gonna be 17. Nothing by Uni the first quarter.
This is what all my friends was saying.
So I came up with this quick theory because I wanted to put money on the game,
you know, cause my team wasn't in it and I wasn't really excited about it.
So I figured I, well if everybody is saying the panthers are right,
how does Vegas make any money?
The only way Vegas makes monies is if the Broncos went,
Vegas always says the lights on. Even during the day, they never shut them off.
They got the AC on what the fucking door is open.
And I don't see anybody concerned out there. Right. Is it making money?
So I said, fuck, I'm going to go against the grain.
I didn't even take the points. I just bet it.
I bet the line 100 and make one 90 through 100 bucks on it.
And I'm the Jesus Christ.
I guess that Denver Broncos defense was,
was as good as they were saying. I just thought like,
I thought we made them look better than they work cause our offensive line was
fucking beat up. But, um,
I don't know if you noticed the entire time when the Broncos beat the Patriots,
at no point was Tom Brady comfortable. He wasn't screaming and yellow light.
Yeah, let's go man or whatever the fuck he yelled.
You said his receivers [inaudible]
you know, it was supposed to be a pub pattern,
right? Whatever the fuck it is, he yells at him. He didn't do that.
Once he had his eyebrows down and he looked fucking uncomfortable.
He felt people at his feet, the whole fucking game. They never felt comfortable.
And um, you know, von Miller would do that little fucking little,
the little I'm, I'm, I'm going this way. Oh No, I'm not.
And the guy fell for it every fucking time on the Patriots. Right?
And I'm thinking like, Jesus Christ,
how much does that dude on the Patriots stink that he keeps falling for that?
And low and behold,
I watched von Miller do it all game against Carolina Panthers and dfe.
I don't know if you noticed this, there's a lot of stats.
How many times did you see Cam Newton celebrate? I got to, I,
as far as I can remember, zero.
He didn't do one of those little first down fucking point things. Eating,
not one kid got a ball.
He never fucking ripped off burn off his suit to show the superman s underneath
you know,
diary now. No, he said more fun.
You didn't see that watch Cam Newton had zero fun. In fact,
if I remember correctly, cause I had a lot of Budweiser's um,
I probably drank as many Budweiser's as fucking Peyton man.
He said he was going to drink, um, by the fourth quarter.
The only thing I remember Cam Newton doing was fallen down when they miss the
fucking, uh, when they miss that a, that field goal attempt,
it just wasn't there fucking day, but he got mugged, fine mill kids.
You see, just give me that fucking ball.
So like fucking Lyman running after like a bunch of craze dogs or whatever that
classic NFL quote goes.
That was just complete fucking domination by the Denver Broncos.
Defense. Uh, to the point,
I think Peyton manning only had about 40 more yards passing than I did.
But you know what, when it counted, when it counted, he got it done. So, uh,
congratulations to them. And I actually, I went against everything that I said.
I not only, I didn't take the game, I forgot to tape it like a fucking asshole.
And I went to a super bowl party, which I always say I'm not going, you know,
cause there's always 50 fucking people there and only like, you know,
12 of them give a shit about the game and everybody else is running around.
And you know, all the fucking shit that I fucking had a Tampon
at my ass above for fucking ever with those things. But I actually said,
you know what? Fuck it. I'm going to go to a party cause you know,
I'm just not into the fucking game or whatever.
And then I showed up and I realized I was totally into the game. Unfortunately,
the party I went to, it was great. Everybody was into it.
Everybody was watching, people were saying stuff about the game that made sense.
You know, it was football fans and the food was fucking tremendous.
And um, had a great time.
I've got to tell you going into the Super Bowl party though, uh,
something that I never noticed was, uh,
the just general open hatred for Coldplay.
Why does everybody a call there? Why does everybody hate that bed?
They're not that bad. Right?
Everybody's are told they're so fucking lame. They get like,
they get like half like Nickelback hate. You know what I mean? Hang on a second.
This fucking curtains messed up driving me fucking crazy and just stare at it
the entire time. What is the problem? There we go. Sorry.
I apologize. Yes. So, so called play comes out.
I don't know what they was singing. They were jumping around a lot.
I immediately left cause I didn't want to watch beyond say Sass it up.
You know what I mean? It just, I I cannot f the same way.
You know,
the way she behaves on stage as the way a lot of athletes behave after they make
a great fucking play. And somewhere that that happened during my lifetime,
it went from fucking score to touchdown.
Just giving the ball to the ref to absolutely. You know, just fucking,
I dunno what you do.
You start line dancing and you just can't believe how amazing you are.
Right? And everybody claimed that he's having so much fun now. He isn't.
He's marketing himself. He's whoring himself out right now. All right?
You should literally have to put on a pair of fucking stilettos when you do it
and just walk the fucking block after you fucking dunk or score a touchdown or
whatever. Right? So I didn't want to watch her, you know,
you know that fucking stupid walk the divas do play sort of stomped down the
stage as they cross one leg over in front of it,
hair swinging their fucking hips.
I always just want somebody to just give him a big fucking leg sweep. That's me.
You know what I mean? So I was like, I don't want to watch that shit.
So Coldplay comes up and everybody says, ah, yeah, Jesus crazy.
You know, no one wants to see him. It wasn't that bad, but I could feel it.
You know, I just want to say, you know,
I don't understand these fucking bands that sell millions and millions of
fucking records yet.
You cannot find one person that will admit that they were fan, right?
All you guys right now who are nodding your heads going, oh yeah,
they're so fucking lame. Scroll through your fucking phone right now.
Go to the CS, go down to CEO.
You're going to find you got one song admitted. You've got,
you must have one song, right? What's that one there firsthand? I said, oh,
that's fine. Look at me face as I walked down,
we would always do it.
It was all yellow. I married a chick,
she had yellow hair. I didn't wear a Bra.
[inaudible] boast and I'm still
paying child support. Um, does he pay child support to her or is it
the other way around? That's a close one.
So the name of that broad there that he married [inaudible] she looks fucking
moody. All those good looking chicks that do fucking yoga. They're,
they're fucking basket run in the other directions, you know?
And they had like those stones that are for their ci and they put them around
the fucking house and I think they thinks it makes them spiritual.
You just gotta get the fuck away from them. You know,
anybody with a yoga room and it is at least an eight as far as being good
looking. You just got to get the fuck away from. Yeah,
they're too good looking to be spiritual,
you know what I mean?
He's never had to buy a drink for yourself in your life.
I don't give a fuck how much yoga you do.
You're not going to be able to have any sort of self analysis, you know,
like, I don't think the thought of, you know what I mean?
Maybe I was being a cut there.
I don't think that ever fucking goes through your head. Um,
so I gotta commend that guy in Coldplay for not writing a lot of angry songs.
He just kind of has like, does he just have nice sign?
I think that's what I think that's a big problem with that band. It's just nice.
Right? These sinks.
Okay.
Generally in a good mood. No,
the guy seems like a happy guy that makes you pretty hateable.
You know what I mean? But if put on a fucking flannel jacket, right?
Dress like a lumberjack, you know,
mocking that hard work as you go fucking sitting around it and you got damn m
and m's and your green room.
You come out and you send some sing something miserable song.
Everybody likes you.
All right?
The is that guy's name. They're saying all those songs. Ugh.
Nirvana. Right. That could Kobe, Matt. Yeah.
I really wish you didn't kill himself so I could trash it more. You know,
fucking guy. I wish I was like, yeah,
you easily amused that card. You don't fucking know me.
Go Fuck Yourself. The fucking thing I'm doing, staring at a dre dull over here,
all amazed that it keeps spinning.
I ate well when that shit came out, it was like this,
is it me or is this guy in the most condescending, condescending.
Kondapur he comes out there first fucking video.
He's making fun of tap on Solos. Like he could do it.
He just didn't feel like doing it.
Sorry this,
these are just the ramblings of a man who's Wa who saw the beginning,
the middle and the end of hair metal and he took it all seriously
and that God damn Nirvana,
I just sounded like Giamatti in that fucking Howard stern movie. Howard Stern.
Yeah. Goddamn motherfucker mean, mean to rosary wound that like 15 times.
You know,
in the end of the movie when like pig vomits career's just completely in the
shitter and he's like standing outside and he's just dumbfounded at the success
that Howard's had and he's how would start,
he just kind of looks away at God damn motherfucker.
Um, anyways, I'm just saying, you know, how about in 2016,
you know, there's so much, so many real things out there to get your passion up,
up about. I don't think you should go around hating Coldplay.
Oh that pull a bastard.
It poor bastard got married to a beautiful woman that did yoga. Oh my God.
It's over. It's fucking over. Ugh.
Some of those self involved fucking human beings you're ever going to find in
your life are going to be in that fucking stinky ass yoga room, you know,
speaking of which, I'm probably going to take a class this week now,
my wife, she stayed with that man seven days in,
she's going to try to do yoga this whole fucking month. Right. And uh,
she actually asked me, I can't remember if she asked me in the podcast,
but she asked me cause you want to go to one of my yoga classes? And I was like,
no. As like I'll do yoga, but I like doing it here at the house,
you know what I mean? Where like if I feel like stopping doing yoga,
I can just hit pause on the audio, you know,
go out and have some cereal and then come back and just immediately fast forward
to the closing poses. Right. There's nothing wrong with that.
I just hate how when you fucking go in there,
they act like they have just the keys to happiness all the time, you know?
And there's not one picture of anybody on the wall, you know,
with these testimonies going like, you know, I was a really miserable cunt.
And then I went down and I took fucking Sally Struthers Yoga class here and I
don't know,
she was just rambling and I was in downdog and all of a sudden it just clicked.
And I have been so happy ever since, you know,
I'm not saying yoga is overrated, I just don't need the fucking,
I don't need the chatter from the instructor.
Just tell me the next fucking post to do it. Tell me to breathe. Okay.
Stop with you with your goddamn philosophies.
You ever watch a cooking show and they just get off on these fucking tangents.
It's like, well, you just tell me the next ingredient.
I don't even know where Bazell comes from and how they used to bring it over in
wooden ships. I don't give a fuck. Right.
And it comes from actually comes from Bazell Romania,
which is how it got its name. Um,
do you know the amount of people that are actually gonna fucking waste their
time tweeting me that there's no such thing as basal, uh, Romania,
you know, is if I don't know that that city is not in Italy. Um,
even somebody did to me the other day, they,
I talked so much shit on this podcast.
Like when people give me shit for stuff that I say half the time I can't
remember what they're talking about.
So somebody tweeted at me twittered at me and said,
uh, they said, you know, selves, I guess I supported something.
Okay. For whatever reason they, they took my rambling seriously and,
and they said, yeah,
uh,
supporting blah, blah, blah. He said something,
do your homework next time you support blah, blah, blah. Right.
And then had a link c right. Right out of the gate. I'm always like,
who the fuck is this fucking asshole coming at me with that tone? Yeah.
Do your homework. Like I work for you. You can't. Right. So he goes,
do your homework and whatever I said about something, his [inaudible], his,
his fuck his homework was,
he sent me a link to an article in the New York Times so that,
that was his homework.
He fucking looked at one periodical that liens completely one way politically
right. The old liberal fucking New York Times. So like, and I'm actually,
I feel like I'm a liberal. Right.
But I would never just read the New York Times and just be like, well,
there you go. That's kind of down what's happening.
Okay.
Do you know dom that is,
that would be like listening to this podcast and taking it seriously and wasting
the fucking three minutes. You life to tweet me, James his bill.
Did you bring it all back around your fucking old school count? Maybe I did.
Maybe I did. How about von Miller? Huh?
You ever see a more deserving fucking MVP? He just,
he mugged Cam Newton. He came right in fucking cabinet and back to pass.
Give me that fucking thing. Right.
Okay.
Just ripped it right out of his fucking hands. Um, haven't said that. I think,
uh,
I think cam moon actually gonna definitely gonna be back and he's gonna win win
a ring. And I, I said that on, I tweeted that and every week
do Burrito, right. That default fucking quarterback to shit on.
Um, [inaudible]
Kim Newton actually has a fucking running game. He actually has receivers.
He actually has a fucking unbelievable defense and a fucking contemporary coach.
Dan Marino had none of those things. He had the receivers to put in Clayton.
Right. Other than, I'm not going to go through this again. Okay.
Just look up the fucking look up running backs from 1983 to 1999 during
[inaudible] during a Marino's fucking career. I told you Delvin Williams, Tony,
Nathan, Kareem Abdul Jabbar, the football player, he never,
he never had his Edwards and James, his Tony door setting.
He never had that man. Never had that shit. Okay.
I'm not saying Cam Newton has that,
but he has enough of a fucking team around him. Whatever. Keep talking shit.
You wait. Cam Newton will be back. He needed that as a youngster.
He had to feel that fucking awful.
This is what it feels like to lose this fucking game, you know?
Okay.
You watched the next time he goes out there, he's going to fucking,
I don't always get to do it, Bill.
You don't know what the fuck he's going to do. Your guests,
you guests and your guests, right?
Right.
Last year you thought Seattle was going to win the fucking patriots where you
know, you, you've thought your own fucking team was gonna lose. Um,
all right. Let me read a little bit advertising.
Let me stumble through some advertising. Here is I attempt to read out loud.
Um, alright. With a fuck out. All right. Oh, this isn't it.
Oh, this isn't it. Oh, here we go.
All right. Oh Jesus. Here we had set time a year.
It's that time a year when you can say get me some chocolate covered
strawberries. Sherry's berries, everybody. Ah,
this stupid fucking holiday. Valentine's Day is just a couple of days away.
Huh?
Where are you in your relationship that you're actually nervous that you have to
fucking get your broad something on? It'd be nice if he could,
I'm not going to read the copy when it'd be fucking Nice if you could just click
on something and go, yeah, you're fucking, you know,
you know what von Miller rip the ball out of Cam Newton's hands.
What if you could just put a box that you could do the exact opposite.
The football is for a box of fucking candies, right?
And rather than ripping it out of her hand, you just place it in there.
Or maybe Sherry's berries is Cam Nunu. You'll give me that fucking thing, right?
And he just frisbeed over to your wife, girlfriend. Hey, you go, huh?
What'd you get? What'd you get on? Oh Gee,
thank you. Where do you go Outta your wake? Um,
valids high states. Just a couple of days away. Everybody is.
And there's only one way to win Valentines to win
Jesus Christ. That's it. We did.
I resent this copy right now that I actually temped to talk to my male listeners
here. Like they have to dance for their women ladies. By the way,
why don't you get you, when she gets your man a box of chocolates, do it.
You're a fucking box of chocolates and just give a little fucking little pitcher
that cheek there. Hey Cutie. Um,
there's only one show wait.
Have to win on Valentines this year and that is to win her heart all over again
with a box of chocolates. Jesus Christ health.
What is the reading level of the woman you're with it all.
It's gonna cost to some chocolate covered strawberry.
Tell a personal story relating to Valentine's Day. Well,
I think it's a complete bullshit holiday. Alright,
I resent the fact that there's some sort of pressure put on me that I'm supposed
to fucking do something for her because there's no day that the lady has to do
something for me. All right, so fuck you. When you strawberries,
you have to show some heart to win. And Sherry's berries knows exactly how.
Make sure to get it right this year with romantic, fresh, juicy berries,
some Sherry's berries. To be honest with you,
this is really all anybody deserves on a phony holiday is you just fucking
click, click and shoot, and you go,
you know when she's not looking, you eat more than she does.
Giant freshly drip dipped strawberries with Sherry's berries starting at just 20
bucks.
Oh Yeah, you golf
one $20 bill. I'll throw that down.
Over 40% savings from my listeners and anybody else where they advertise in the
universe. You can get double the berries for just 10 bucks.
Just go to berries.com. Click on the microphone and type in the code bar.
These strawberries are picked at the peak of freshness to ensure the best gift
experience. Yeah, I was kidding you.
You Yank them when they're still green and then they ripe it on the truck dipped
in white milky tar, chocolate and goodness. Just like bananas.
A top with chocolate chips, decorative swivels or nuts.
Delivery is always guaranteed.
Even on Sunday is the only way to get these amazing Valentine's Day d a day deal
a visit berries.com please spell out the word berries, B, e,
r, r, I e S.
Dot com click on the microphone in the top right hand corner of the page.
Type in Berg,
go to berries.com click on the microphone and a code you might sort of today
time is running out. Exclamation point. Look,
if you want to get some fucking chocolates, just get us some chocolates.
You know what I mean? Um, you know what?
I've actually waited too long.
There's a fucking place in South Dakota that has like the best fucking deadwood
that has some of the most insane fucking chocolates you're ever going to get.
You know, you could do that, but it's too late now.
So just remember that for next year. Okay guys,
if you want to win our heart back, uh, pro flowers,
Valentine's Day is this weekend out. God, here we go again. Only x x days away.
I love, they think I'm going to do the math. Uh, six days away I did it for Ya.
Ah, tired of guessing wrong what she wants each Valentine's Day.
See you see what's in there. Copyright there. Oh yeah, she didn't like,
you've got her a gift and what? She didn't like it. So then what?
She didn't blow you. Jesus Christ.
Why does it just crank one of those music grinders and you dance around with a
little monkey hat on this? This is Jay. I don't like any of this shit. Oh,
Valentine's Day pro flowers and pro flowers.
They're here to take the guesswork out of it. Yeah.
And couldn't case you couldn't figure out and getting her flowers. Ah,
the Valentine's Day.
Trust the experts at pro flowers who give you the confidence that Valentine's
Day is done right.
Pro Flowers is offering my listeners and anybody else in the universe.
It doesn't. Red Roses plus a free vase,
glass vase and chocolates for just 29 99 [inaudible].
They're moving in on Sherry Barry's turf or really do it right and upgrade to
the romantic long stem roses with a premium vase,
chocolates and a spa kit for night. Just night night. Just nine 99 sorry,
go to pro flowers.com use my code birth.
So I was just thinking it's any worse when a woman tries to be sexy and she
isn't. She puts a long stem rose and she tries to do that.
Beyonce diva stomp over towards you. You know,
she looks like she had some seasons in physical therapy. Uh,
don't wait until this weekend.
Send them to her this week when a coworker's gush over her gift.
You know you did Valentine's Day, right PLO front pro flowers is quick, easy,
and delivery for Valentine's Day is guaranteed.
Pro Flowers are guaranteed the last seven days or your money back.
It's a no brainer. Like you give a shit after five days.
K beat the price and convenience. Proflowers takes the care and of the DJ.
As you go to pro flowers.com click on the blue microphone in the top right hand
corner and type in burpee you are. That's pro flowers.com.
Click on the microphone and type in my code. Birth flowers and chocolates.
There you go.
Shut you God damn fucking k full the next God damn year. All right,
I'll read the rest of these later.
Um, look at me.
Face [inaudible] flowers and a box of chocolate and you won't blow me water.
Do I have to fucking do what the fuck is the rest of my shit here?
I just don't, I just don't understand where it goes. Where the fuck does it go?
It should be right behind and it always just disappears.
This is really an annoying me. No God.
Is that another fucking celebrities on the goddamn stump for a political
candidate? Why? Why does celebrities do that?
That just makes me not want to vote for the person.
Oh look,
the creator of teenage mutant Ninja Turtles is going to tell me why I should
vote for fucking
ah, that fat guy in New Jersey, whatever the fuck his name is,
he's got to have an h in his name. Like if I was on wheel of fortune,
I just looked at his name. I'd have for some reason,
age seems like a fat guy name,
you know Husky Hash fat people eat hash.
You know what I mean? You know,
you know what it's like on mystery meat and they just fucking scramble and egg
on top of it. You know, it's funny, I eat hash.
Is that as [inaudible]?
Is that a side piece meal or is that a fucking or side meal?
Whatever the fuck you call it. Side dishes. Hash side dishes that have fucking,
I have no idea. So many fucking meals. When I was growing up,
um, I found later were side dishes.
Like when I was growing up, Mac and cheese was an entree.
My mother would just make a big fucking tray of it and then she'd make some
toast and it was the shit, the Kraft macaroni and cheese. It was frozen, right?
She did the old right there. Fred threw it. The fucking
threw right in the fucking stove. Right. She made it like Golden Brown on top.
She taken out, scoop it out as the Yoda. Feel your shit fuck out of my face.
Right. A little bit of toast.
All right.
Buttering the toast.
The way old school moms did every fucking inch of the goddamn piece of toast
and at least, you know, at least a quarter stick of fucking butter on it.
You know,
I remember all those fucking meals from the 70s chicken al King chipped beef on
toast. I've talked about this before. Haven't I?
Green bean casserole was just mushroom soup and they threw fucking green beans
in it. Just hated it up there.
He's a fucking worst man. I hate a green bean casserole.
I always had a strategy that was either beginning or end. Anytime it was green,
I was either getting it out of the fucking way or I was just going to put it off
like a term paper. I swear to God into this fucking day, man.
It took me a long time to ever eat like mushroom soup again.
You know Paul Versey thinks mushrooms are useless. Tell that to the druggies,
man. He doesn't like mushrooms.
He doesn't like corn and he doesn't like peas.
I do not like peas, man. There's something fucking wrong with you, right?
You got fire if you've got mashed potatoes right? That a made right.
Okay.
And then you'd take the fucking disposal and you mush it down and then you'd
take a big clump of butter even though you already put butter in.
You drop it on there.
You put salt and pepper on that and then he got some peas right next to it.
The fuck out of here, Paul Versey why don't we hang out with Deca?
How did you hang out with somebody that doesn't like peas? You know,
God help that best if he ever goes to fucking Scotland, you know,
they're mushy peas. Um, anyways. Anyway,
what the fuck I'm talking about here? Um, you know, I got my car all fixed up,
right? They've got it all fixed up, got all the dents taken out of it,
and I fucking backed into something yesterday. Not hard and buy something.
I mean, somebody else's car.
Not hard but hard enough. I just put a couple of hack marks.
I didn't do anything to their car. They of course had a fucking SUV, so,
you know, they're like a dentist or something and it had like this,
this fucking license plate holder thing that just dug right into my bumper.
So it's already a little hacked up. But uh, I dunno, you know, it's funny.
Ever since I the Prius, right? I used to be really good at backing up and shit,
but ever since the, you had like that backup camera,
like I find myself not even looking anymore. I become worse at it.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
It's like when you start delegating power,
you'll have a job and you just start delegating power.
Then all of a sudden you just sit behind your desk and you're like,
I really had nothing to do here. And then you look up in the,
as you superior standing there on the doorway, uh, what are you doing today?
It starts shuffling some papers and no, you get laid off, right?
You just delegated enough fucking apart. That's what I've done with that,
that backup camera.
I've delegated so much of my fucking census to make sure I don't run over
somebody. I really shouldn't say this cause if I ever fucking hit somebody,
how bad would that be if they played my own podcast and court? Right.
Uh, your honor, uh, we'd like to submit into evidence, uh,
Jimmy Day, uh, the podcast
from a February the eighth,
2016 where we clearly stage that demand does not even look behind his calf when
he backs up clear. What's a matter?
It's a matter of buddy. Do you know? I um, um,
[inaudible]
somebody had cleo. Who's here? Cleo. Who's here?
Who she had cleo. Huh? Do you want to eat somebody?
You wagon, you Taylor. You never know. All right buddy. Relax.
Now they got you all amped up, huh?
Nia said somebody here.
Yeah.
Yeah. You know what's funny about being married?
Aside from the fact that you got a whisper on your own podcast sometimes just to
make your day easier. It's just the ups and downs. You know what I mean?
He can see it in your wife's eyes some days she knows why she married you,
married you, and then other days she's like,
what the fuck did I hitch my wagon to? And I know it's early.
I know it's early in the day,
but I'm feeling like it's going to be one of those.
What the fuck did I marry day Cleo? Get up here. Come here. Get up here.
Come on. How are you buddy? Huh? Leon,
could you lead it? Thank you. Jesus. Do you do anything easy? Dude?
Fucking thing just collapses down on me. Um,
we'll do your homework, man. All right. Let's, uh,
let's read a couple of questions here for this week. Was anything else? Oh,
I don't know. I was talking about celebrities.
Okay.
Talking about fucking candidates. It's like, why the fuck do you think I need?
Like I'm undecided and then like,
the guy who created jag comes on TV or like one of the stars.
Okay.
You know, they're always out there fucking, I don't, what do they do?
What are you doing? You're an actor. You're a writer.
The fuck do you know about running the country? Shut up.
Stop ruining the candidate that I like.
Right.
I like Bernie Sanders because he reminds me of an old fucking club owner that I
had. And when he'd get, when he gets mad and he starts screaming and yelling,
this is clip of him yelling at Alan Greenspan when they was running the Federal
Reserve and it's a classic fucking clip put on the fucking Internet.
There were like Bernie Sanders tastes to fucking, you know,
whatever the fucking guy from, uh, the, the, the big bank there. I just set it.
The Federal Reserve. Yeah. It takes them to task. Right?
So he's reading the Guy the riot act,
and it's just amazing clip and right when it goes for the other guy to respond,
the fucking thing ends. It's like, why? I want to hear with the other guy said,
why am I yelling this week? I want to hear what the other guy says.
You know
what kind of a fucking dope just watches that clip and then doesn't try to find,
you know what the guy from the Federal Reserve set.
Yeah.
All right. You guys should at least be able to, to, you know,
point counterpoint. It's kind of like that country. Send me that thing.
Look good.
Do your homework or you just sends me the thing from the fucking New York Times.
I like the New York Times,
but I would never just read something that they said and be all well, well,
there you go. Shit. So all I need to know. Doesn't that right, Cleo?
Well, actually I went to the mic.
I've been really doing really good about keeping my energy low,
trying to around the dog, um, to get her to be a little more,
a little more mellow. Yours.
[inaudible]
try and do eat the guest. Um, am I torturing you guys with the fucking thing?
You know what? That's the only Coldplay song I know.
I know that some other ones, I go see those guys in concert.
You know what I mean? I'm watching some soccer moms losing their fucking minds.
Huh?
Doing some fucking dance moves from the fucking, well, wait a minute.
There actually be younger than me. The hell am I talking about?
I think I need to shut the fuck up. You know, I think in general,
I think general bill. Thank you gentlemen. You might need to shut the fuck up.
Um, no, I'm actually psyched because, uh,
I was trying to write this thing and I just kept procrastinating. All right,
Cleo, I'll see ya. Um, I kept procrastinating.
I finally just said fuck it. And uh,
I just broke it down into three segments and over the course of like four days,
I was able to finish it and now it's fucking done.
And it's like this giant weight off my chest and I don't have to do shit today.
And, uh,
okay.
Oh, you know what? I'm going to do today.
I'm actually bringing my truck over my old truck. I, I found this, um,
this, uh, spare tire assembly, you know, a lot of them don't have it.
Um,
or at least my didn't have and I was able to find it was off this guy's f two 50
that he was gonna fix up. I just kept offering him money for it. He goes, no,
I don't want to get rid of it. And I finally way over paid for it. I got it.
And they, uh, powder-coated it,
whatever the fuck that means to match didn't match my truck and everything.
So finally,
I'm actually gonna have a spare tire underneath the fucking thing the way it's
supposed to. And I'm like, that's my fucking day.
That's all I gotta do today. You know why?
Cause I sat down and I got that fucking thing done.
Although the door locks at my fucking house, I still haven't done,
I bought the shit premium paint remover and epoxy remover,
whatever the fuck that is. I got my little brush.
I'm going to try and get that fucking lockout today.
Cause I told you I got this old ass house as I've mentioned a zillion times,
and I wanted the interior door locks to work because I think it would be fucking
hilarious if when I left one time,
if I locked all the fucking doors in the house and then somebody broke into my
house and every fucking room they had to like try to break down another door,
they just got to turn it into just like, fuck man, it's doors locked.
Let's go around the other side. Fuck you know, 10 minutes in.
Then not even trying to be quiet. And we were like, dude,
what the fuck the fuck is going on in that? Right. And then,
then he goes in and I just have, you know,
a bunch of fucking hats and teach free tee shirts from fucking comedy shows.
You know,
there's such a f an intelligence to just not having really anything of value in
your house. You know what I mean?
I've got a couple of fucking like antique tables and shit like that stuff that I
kind of liked.
But who the fuck's going to steal that little cat Virgo coming out with a
fucking table on his back? You know, they liked the fucking, uh,
they like the little shit. They'd come in wearing their yoga pants, right.
Rappelling down from the fucking roof.
I just think it would be hilarious who's getting who the ultimate thing is is
you had like security in your fucking house, right? And somebody comes in,
right? And they get to that certain point.
I know I've seen this in movies and they'll all of a sudden there's just that
metal thing comes down so then they can't leave.
Just frightened to sit in their fucking panicking. You know what I mean?
I always thought that that would be great.
And then like I was thinking like in like a giant room, right?
When they're in the living room with some shit,
like all of a sudden they can't fucking get out and they're freaking out then
then just sit in there and they think worst case scenario is that the cops have
shown up and they're going to get fucking arrested and they're kind of mentally
giving themselves into that. And then you just like, you have like a Cobra,
right? And you just fucking let it in the room. You know, generally speaking,
those things aren't that fast. You just have it just, just,
maybe you defang the fucking thing. Well that's not, that's cruel dd animals.
Right? But it's a reptile. They're not really animals. Right? Um, no, you don't.
You just let the fucking thing come in the SD show in the hood.
Nobody can fucking hiss like a goddamn reptile man.
You have gone to those alligator farms. Are you down in Florida?
You know what I mean? And you're the, first of all,
you're looking at the people who go in there and like, dude,
half of these people have murdered somebody and fed their victim to one of these
fucking things. I mean, just Florida is just,
especially in the northern part of Florida, I mean,
it just gets really fucking shady. Um,
but when you get those fucking things, when they hit each other, Jesus Christ,
I mean it just taps into back.
I get that just shit that's left over from when you were a caveman,
you know what I mean? Like, just like, I can't even explain it.
Like when I went, I was, what the fuck was I?
I can't remember. I went to a classic one too.
I think it was just outside of Tampa. No, maybe not. So I ramped the road. No,
in Miami or just south.
It's that one that has the alligator mouth that you will walk right into. Right.
And I heard that thing fucking hiss. And Dude,
from that tip of my head to the end of my toe, a tip of my toes,
the top of my head, it fucked it up. It just went just fucking like,
I can't explain the feeling. Just that,
that feeling when you lean back in a chair and you almost fall like my entire
body did that.
And the thing was way far away from me and I knew logically that it couldn't get
to me.
But I still think that from all those years of when we just walked around living
in caves, that your body's just still trained.
That if it hears that fucking noise there reminds me when I saw this three towed
slot from one time I was in Costa Rica, right.
And we'd taken the zip line tour. Um,
it was like the most northern tip of, of the fucking rain forest and the guide,
you know, these fucking trees were unbelievable. It was like, we were like,
it felt like we were 150 feet in the air and we weren't even mid tree.
You looked up, it was like another 300 feet above you.
It was fucking unbelievable. It was a, uh,
other than the fact that we were there, you know,
doing a zip line tour and shit and had cell phones and stuff.
It was a fucking paradise. So this guy did it everyday,
so he knew with his three towed sloths was,
and he looked up and he made this noise of a, I forget what the bird is called.
It's not an albatross, but it does begin with an a and as a giant wingspan.
And did not even in that area anymore because we killed all of them.
But to this day, he imitates in the second he fucking imitated the thing,
the fucking three towed slots just like got up and started fucking looking
around and then look down at us like, dude, what the fuck? You know,
just be like, dude, don't do that. It's not funny. Right.
Cause I guess those birds are so fucking big that they would swoop down into the
trees and with their talents,
they would just fucking just basically grab these fucking monkeys and just yank
them out of the tree and you're just completely fucked.
Okay.
Jesus Christ, those poor things, man. What a fucking way to go.
Imagine me and that fucking slow. Actually I can, I'm a classic White Guy.
Can't jump, can't fucking run fast. None of that shit. Right. Um,
okay.
Doesn't understand dancing, um, by men anyways. Um,
um, then I don't even care if you're good at it.
I don't care if you're good at it. I just don't get it.
It just makes me laugh when I see a man dancing. It just makes me fucking laugh.
I'm sorry.
It's really immature and I and I need to grow up when it comes to that,
but I'm just, I'm just being honest. So anyways,
I just can't imagine being that fucking thing like his slow and is fucking awful
as I am. I just can't imagine if there was, can you imagine it?
There's just some giant burden you are on it's fucking menu and you lived
outside in fucking trees where birds are Jesus fucking Christ and you want to
times, you just sit in there as a tree towed slots, just chilling,
talking to a buddy of yours going like, hey man,
what do you think in the next couple of days? Maybe a
no, no, you could,
yeah, your buddy is sitting there talking to you and be like,
okay,
oh man.
Maybe like maybe like next Thursday it's Thursday and I'll start this fucking
thing just grabs your friend in it.
You think your friend is just fucking gone. Just go on.
You just see it disappear.
What about monkeys doing [inaudible] and then you're
fucking sitting there.
Yeah.
Like what the fuck? Right? Your heart racing. Like he just did some blow.
But you only got the speed of a fucking three toed sloth
and you just sit there with the other three toed slough doing what?
Just looking at each other like, you know, thank God that wasn't me,
but what the fuck? Please make it quick.
Just fucking sliced it things neck already. Sorry man.
He's had a lot of empathy when I saw that. The way that fucking,
it's almost like you had to see the fucking things face when he made that noise.
When he fucking looked around and looked down and saw that it was us,
he should have seen the look on this fucking thing face. It was just like,
I swear to God, if it could have shit on us, it would have and you know what?
We would've deserved it. Well, he's the go did it with F. Um, all right,
enough about three toasts lost. Let me get into fucking reading here.
Yeah,
why don't we just have to fucking do this? Type in my fucking password. Hey,
does anybody know how,
how do I get my computer to fucking link up with iTunes?
I actually watched a video on it. The kids going, yeah,
you go right over here and you click on this thing and it's like,
I didn't have that. I must have a different version than him. Um,
all right, here we go. Let's get into some of the reads here.
Or should I just finished with the advertising?
Let's just finish the advertising.
Let's get the fucking bullshit out of the way first and we'll get into some of
the questions for the week. All right. Uh, I already did pull flowers.
All right. Oh, dollar shave club. Everybody, you know,
lots of players will be sporting playoff beards.
Now that the postseason is here, they should really be done during,
in April during hockey season. Um, hockey playoffs, the playoffs, uh,
leave that to the pros kickoff your year the right way with a fresh blade shave.
That's why millions of other peoples have joined dollar Shave club.com dollar
shave club knows the key to getting an amazing shave is simple.
Use One fresh DSC blade to oh wait one,
use a fresh dollar shave club blade. Sorry to use Dr cabbies.
Easy Shave. That's it. That's all you gotta do.
Dollar Shave Club delivers amazing razors right to your front door for a third
of the price of those greedy conti mega razor corporations.
That means listeners who switch now can afford the luxury of shaving with a
fresh blade anytime and save hundreds this year. And why when I was a child.
Yeah, your melted play for a month. Uh,
and when you combine that fresh blade with their doctor cabbies,
easy shave butter, it just glides. It's unimaginably smooth. I'm telling you,
it's not your average shave foam. All right? It's not good dry skin.
The all natural ingredients will leave your skin feeling soft,
smooth and moisturized after every shade. Take it from me.
A fucking cunt who doesn't read?
Use a fresh dollar shave club blade with Dr cabbies. Easy shave butter.
Uh, if you want the most gentle shave imaginable, join the dollar shave,
joined dollar shave club.com/bird today.
That's shave club.com/bar high dollar shave club.com/burb and lastly,
but certainly, certainly not leastly blue apron. All right?
You need to know how to cook. You don't need to,
but I mean you're going to be in shape if you learn how to,
but you don't want to go to the grocery store.
You don't wanna have to fucking deal with all that shit, right?
But you need to know how to cook. Not only do you need a,
not only do you feel like you know your way around the kitchen,
but looking at cooking at home, slow down bill.
But cooking at home means eating healthier and saving money instead of ordering
expensive. Take out again, but where do you start?
Blue Apron as you covered for less than $10 per meal,
blue apron delivers all the fresh ingredients you need to create home cooked
meals. Just follow the easy step by step instructions.
Each meal can be prepared in 40 minutes or less.
No overwhelming trips to the grocery store. I can't deal, man.
No more sad takeout. Oh, it doesn't like me.
No matter your dietary preferences, Blue Apron makes it,
makes it a breeze to discover and prepare dishes like roast chicken,
supreme with mashed potatoes, gravy and maple glazed carrots.
Spiced salmon with black rice, avocado and blood orange salad.
I didn't know it was a such thing as black rice.
I knew that was brown rice and white rice, right?
Caucasian and Latino Rice. A miso,
horny Miso, honey,
roasted chicken and baby sweet potatoes was stir fried sesame.
Bok Choy. I fucking love buck joy, but only when I go to Korea town.
Every time I try to make it a fuck it up and he cranes. Listen out there.
Korean Americans, Korean Koreans, South Koreans, North Koreans, Huh?
I wouldn't do that to you in North Korea. I wouldn't do that to you.
Fucking boss's son. There's not letting you have any food. Right?
Steak Sandwich with Carl Estonians,
garlic Aioli and honey roasted parsnip fries,
Parmesan and provolone pizza. We got it. You got a lot of shit. Tomato quiche.
Was I supposed to read all of those delicious and food and good for you right
now.
You can get your first two meals for free@blueapron.com slash bird that's blue
apron.com/bar hey blue apron.com/ [inaudible] dude,
that's fucking great man. Bring it right to your goddamn door.
They show you how to cook it. You learn how to cook a little bit, you know,
eat healthy. Stomach gets flat, you know,
and next thing you know you get somebody's device and fucking chocolate
strawberries for. All right, let's get to the questions for this week.
Okay. Trusting water. A Billie filter face.
I like that one a don't trust drinking water.
I don't trust drinking water. He goes, my friends think I'm nuts.
They always point to the fact that public drinking water is tested time and time
again. Now there's Flint, Michigan fiasco,
a its surface that officials lied about testing,
did slow drip tests from faucets in order
to get lower levels of whatever horse shit shouldn't have been there to begin
with and even wrote it off because most complaints weren't were coming from
minorities. Dude, how do you do that and go to sleep at night?
How do you do that? How do those companies do that? Fracking,
and I'm not saying I don't know anything about fracking, but you know,
I've seen that in some cases it's fucked up. The drinking water.
How do you not go, oh my God, we fucked up. What do we do here?
Oh my God, we like sat in fact up. I'm the worst, but I'm, how do you,
I don't know. I fuck you do it.
The best water comes in glass and it's fresh from a natural spring that doesn't
neighbor a dow chemical plant. I stick to this as much as possible.
I know I'm not nuts.
I saw a civil action with John Travolta in the theater once I saw, oh,
he's about 20 years ago and it's hired me sense.
What's your level of trust when it comes to water and what kind of water do you
drink? Thanks for the Thursday podcast. Love the music. Uh, that's Andrew.
Fabulous. Um, go check. Go check in on yourself.
All right. Uh,
I dunno what is my feelings on it? Um, yeah, it's probably a scam or whatever.
I really feel that I try to be as healthy as I can.
I have this weird thing where, you know,
I'm trying to be healthy and live as long as I can.
While I also feel that like most people on earth dying would be a great thing.
Um,
because I just think we're, yeah, we're just putting too much stress on all the,
on the natural resources. I believe that personally I do now,
have I read enough? No. Do I know what I'm talking about? No,
it's just what I do. What you guys do.
I get a little bit of information and I just run with it and my brain. Um,
and then someone reprimands me on fucking Twitter, do your homework, me. And,
um, I actually had an acting gig with one person one time and they,
they, they actually got their water delivered. Um,
and rather than being in those giant plastic fucking things that you gotta tip
upside down, they actually were in glass. Um,
which anything tastes better in a glass? It always does.
Beer in a bottle tastes better than beer and a can. Personally I feel it does.
Um, but as far as where they get the water,
I don't think it matters as long as they fucking treat it right. Does it?
I it can't. I don't know. I don't fucking though. I have no idea.
I try to drink water as much as I can when I'm not fucking booze and, but uh,
no, I don't have any faith
in anything anymore. I, I don't,
I went to this little fancy fucking pet store today to get my dog some food and
they were like, are you in our system? And I'm like, no, I'm not. And they go,
okay, just so you know, whenever you want to be in the system,
will you get a 5% discount every time? And I just want to be like, yeah,
and what do you get out of it?
What do get out of it? You know
you sell my fucking information to somebody and it go, well, no we don't.
Well I know you don't. Why would you do that?
Why would you just give me a 5% fucking discount forever?
That means you read them marking the shit up. There's no fucking way.
Nobody goes out of their way to fucking make 5% less on some shit. You know,
forever. I could say, hey, we're having a sale. You get people in there at a,
they kind of get used to going into the store and then you phase it out.
You get 5% off every fucking time. You know?
I think being a paranoid con works. It really does.
Except sometimes in relationships it isn't.
I said he was just a guy at the post office.
I gave him the mail. I'm all right, turn up turn offs. Hey Billy buttercup.
My friend and I were having a discussion about what turns us off about girls,
the usual gross things and physical appearance. Things came up. A I threw out,
I threw out there. Yeah,
and I hate it when girls throw themselves at you with the disclaimer that if
you're, if you're a quality,
if you're equally as into the girl, it's not a problem.
What do you think about this isn't me or does it feel weird when a girl just
puts it all out that out there,
you said out that out there and starts casually mentioning her badge cause she
thinks it's going to interest you or something.
Some of my friends thought I was nuts. The other sort of agree,
thanks and go crush yourself. Um,
okay.
It all depends. It all depends on the, on the person,
you know what I mean? Generally speaking,
if you just meet somebody you know and you have no idea who they are and they
just start throwing themselves at you, you know, and you look how I look,
you like, ah, I don't think this is their first Rodeo. It makes me nervous.
That would make me very nervous as far as like a, what's that beach?
We saw him. She's been around all over town. Oral
[inaudible]. Um, I would, uh, yeah,
yeah, I can see what that would, that would freak you out. But if I'm
okay,
you know, I don't know. She's like in her thirties and she's just like, look,
I'm okay.
Yeah.
You know, I'm not looking for a relationship. Just want to kind of, yeah. Okay.
It's going to be fuck buddies here. Yeah. Yeah.
Went on fucking that's what I do too. I go, yeah.
You know that always turns the ladies on nothing gets them turned on like crack
on your voice. Yeah. Does that feel good?
Um, that just made me completely think what,
forget what I was going to say. Oh fuck. I had a funny story too.
God dammit.
Okay.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Oh yeah. You know,
I don't like when women try to be dominant either. You know what I mean?
I just, I don't know. They fucking,
they get on top of you and the like grabbing your wrists and they got this
stupid look on their face and you just thinking like, you know,
if I wanted to I could just throw you off the bed. Not for nothing,
but if you're into it, um, yeah. I understand what you're saying here. Uh,
if,
okay.
It's all how they do it. If they just coming up confident in their rent to you.
Yeah. But if they just start talking about their fucking who, Huh? Yeah.
A lot of it is the same. It'd be like for a woman,
if a guy just came out and he just flops his dick on the bar. Ah,
who wants it come again. Um, yeah,
I would think that would turn anybody off. All right. Global warming scam.
Okay.
Um, all right. Global warming scam. Okay. This is like a,
some that people keep sending me, um,
and they keep sending it to me as if my opinion has any sort of scientific
background. I'm just basing it on scientists.
That's all I'm basing it on.
And that fucking two and a half times the size of Texas and two miles deep swirl
of garbage in the fucking Pacific Ocean.
That how just about every fish has some degree of plastic in their fucking
system. Uh, okay. But even number, none of that has to do with temperature.
I love his show.
It's really refreshing to hear someone in show business actually talk about some
very important social pertinent things. When the fuck do I ever do that?
Like what? Football? Three toad slots
flopping your Dick on the Barth. This, these are important to you.
I agree with everything you talk about on your show. I don't need you to,
he goes except or she says he or she accept global warming.
The global warming scam is another system of control.
I agree. We should stop using oil and coal.
These carbon sources are highly polluting and release toxins and mercury into
the biosphere, but this has nothing to do with global warming.
I know you love documentaries at God. Can,
can you guys just and my mom take it in a country way.
I know you love documentaries. God knows you don't read.
Now he's probably right. Uh, look up global warming swindle on Youtube,
a little taste into global warming, the global warming rat hole.
There's a ton of other information on the web that exposes this bullshit scam.
Good luck. And looking forward to hear what you have to say about this. See,
I don't get that.
I'm supposed to just look up a bunch of shit that all agrees with the other side
and then the other side's wrong. That's like me saying to you,
look up all these shit about global warming and how we're affecting the climate
and I'm looking forward to see what you have to say. Um,
I would think that, uh,
the fact that in France,
all the leaders of the world just got together with all these scientists and all
that and even on the right they for has been saying it's bullshit from day one.
From day one they were saying it's fucking bullshit. Um,
even they finally came out and they said, yeah, it's, we are affecting it.
And then they were like, but it's too late to do anything now. Like,
that's what they came out with. So why would they be doing that?
Okay.
Why would they, why? Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
You're saying that they're doing it to try to control us.
It's such a long way to go, isn't it? Okay.
They just control this by scaring the shit out of us. The normal way. Like, oh,
there's this group of people that doesn't have planes or a boat and they're
coming over here to get us like they'd been doing for 15 fucking years.
Can't they just do that? Um, I'll watch those things, but I will,
I would like to know who paid for those who finance those documentaries.
Because if they're companies that are getting attacked for it, you know,
there's obviously, you know,
getting attacked for the pollutants that they're putting into the atmosphere and
then, you know, they could be gone. Well,
we need to get this off of us by putting the real information out there.
But generally speaking, I is a rule.
I don't believe corporations, I just don't,
people in general, I mean, I'm full of Shit, right?
Why the fuck would I believe? I'll watch it. You know what?
I hope you know what? This is a thing. I actually hope you're right.
Cause then I get to have a lot less guilt and just go out and buy some fucking
Goddamn v eight man. Get out there and fucking drive around.
There's some doubts.
A PS global warming carbon credits are controlled by the same crooked bankers
that are fucking up the world economy. Well,
I kinda think like the bankers don't, they control everything.
They kind of own everything, right?
Are we still making payments on the White House? Do they have to refinance that?
I know it burned down in the 18 hundreds who knows? I'm new girlfriend.
Bullied by friends. Girlfriend. Okay,
so your new chick gets bullied by
WHO's from Atlanta. I guess I've got to read it. All right.
I wanted your advice on something minor yet difficult for me to figure out on
how to approach. I've just done pretty well for myself. Getting a bug,
beautiful girl recently,
like she's physically attractive and has an ass I could balance a beer on.
Good for you anyway. Our friend,
our friend group is a pretty good size even though some of our friends have
moved 30 minutes to an hour away, but a problem came up recently.
A friend of mine from out of town recently came by with his girlfriend and after
a night out of drinking,
my girlfriend informed me his girlfriend bullied her and treated her like shit
in high school. All right, well that was a long time ago. Oh,
that's the next thing he goes. I told her that was a long time ago.
That's what I want to say. He goes, we're 20 now and that
she shouldn't, should try to approach her too.
Which you applied that when the girl in question said hello to me,
she looked at her and just walked away.
Okay.
Totally. That was a long time ago. Wait,
wait and that she should approach her to which my girlfriend applied that when
the girl in question said hello to me,
she looked at her and just walked away.
Yeah.
Wait, who walked away?
Then when the girl in question said hello to me.
Okay,
dude, I dunno who's saying what here.
She also told me her high school was quite small and the girl in question and
many others made it hell for her.
Here's my question for the freckled Fucko of La.
How would you approach this situation? Keep in mind,
I'm not the best of buds with the dude. We're just in the same friend circle.
Well, what happened? You're 26. You probably going to see her like what?
Once every couple of fucking weeks. Yeah, I don't,
I don't think it's a problem.
Okay.
I, I would just look in and just be like, Hey,
can you stop fucking making a big deal out of nothing before I stick your
fucking head and I stick in a coward or you start bullying her.
I Dunno what I would do. I would just be like, um,
yeah. I would just say, look, you're 26 years old.
High school ended eight years ago. Um,
I just let it go because she doesn't give a fuck.
Bullies never remember this shit that they did to you and she's probably jealous
because you beautiful with an ass. She could balance a drink on, right.
That's probably what it is. I Dunno.
In the meantime, why don't you take some, a Jujitsu classes. Alright.
Bul Israeli, a fucking martial arts.
I always want to take that shit, you know,
a little Jujitsu and then that fucking Israel or whatever the Israeli martial
arts shit is the fuck is that shit called.
I don't even fucking know. I, we should start like, that shit is just like,
you know, because of the level, the stakes going on over there.
Like this just, there's no, I guess they're all a fish.
I don't know fucking shit about fighting,
but I was just felt like that that would be the shit, you know,
just because of where Israeli is and how they never have planes get hijacked or
anything. They just got shit on lockdown.
You would think that their martial arts would, they would be,
they would definitely be a lot of interesting,
I would think I gouging just fucking,
you take your fucking index and your middle finger and you just fucking,
they probably know how to do that. That macgruber throat snatch thing, you know,
snatching throats. Um, anyways.
Okay.
Yeah. I don't know what to tell you. I'm not, I'm not good at that shit, dude.
If you haven't noticed, I don't know a lot about women. I really don't like I,
I grew up, you know, uh, with way too many. It was,
it not balanced. You know what I mean? It was not, uh,
it was just fucking
okay.
I Dunno to this stage, it's still, you know,
I had all brothers for the most part and then the dog in the dog was a fucking
boy, you know what I mean? It was just total overload,
a testosterone and then my mom and we lived up on a busy street,
so we just all interacted with each other and um,
okay.
Yeah. This is one of those fucking, this is one of those,
that's one of those chick moments where I'm just really bad. I'm just like, uh,
well did she try to punch you? Did she ever beat you up before then?
Like what's the fucking problem? Just tell her to go fuck herself. Right.
You don't want us to do, you know, can cause feel frustrating.
I know, I know. It's not you. I know it's not you.
I know you're trying and I appreciate that. I just feel like,
and they start talking to me and I sit there and I'm nodding and I'm listening
and just over their shoulder,
there's a TV with a game on and I start looking at it and looking at them.
Yeah.
Starting like I'm rubbing my forehead, you know, blocking their view,
one of my eyes so I can look at the fucking TV.
I start doing that shit and then eventually I get busted and then they get mad.
You know what I mean? Um. Anyway,
so if you would like to donate to this podcast, it's very easy to do.
It won't cost you any money. It just cards. She an extra couple of clicks,
CV index finger. You just go to [inaudible] dot com and a,
you click on the podcast page, does it link to Amazon?
Next time you want to buy something on Amazon, you can do this.
You just click on it. And I get credit for driving traffic to Amazon.
And what if you buy something? They kicked me a couple of bucks or whatever.
And uh,
and then I used to kick it to this fucking charity that people sent me enough
shit that said it was a scam. So now I give it to St Jude
saying you [inaudible]. Um, that's what I try to do.
I give a portion of the proceeds. Well, what portion bill?
We talking like an NFL portion. No way better than the NFL.
I take 10% and I'd throw it to the fucking, uh, to St Jude's. Alright,
that's pretty good, right? Considering fucking the NFL does what,
what do they do?
They do like 3% of that hundred dollars Jersey and then they give it to the pink
lady so she can go out and get herself a pink Cadillac.
All right, that's the podcast for this week. Everybody once again,
congratulations to the, uh, Denver Broncos and pate man.
It was so fucking great to see that guy go out of winter, man. Um,
I did not want to see him, you know, you know what I mean?
I don't know. I just, I didn't want to see him get fucked.
I didn't want to see me as fucking ass kicked to get on a Superbowl.
I really did not want to see that. And I'm,
I could don't says to the panther fans, you know,
you guys had a hell of a season. I'm riverboat. Ron. Is that his name?
Someone's tweeting me. He said, is that the best fucking nickname and sports?
I didn't even know the guy's name to be honest with you,
but I saw him on the sideline at one point the second quarter.
And I said to my buddy, I go,
that guy looks like the winning coach of a super bowl. Um,
that's what I felt like when I saw the guy.
So obviously you guys are going to be back a blot of time.
She get there and you don't win it the first time.
And then you remember what that feeling's like and then you come back and uh,
I dunno, you guys should be all right. You'll get one right.
We at all paint manic. He fucking hung in there.
We got one John Elway came in now and this Denver's the fucking place to go for
old fucking quarterbacks to get one more. What do you guys think?
Do you think you were tires?
He should. He should. Yeah.
There's already rumors that he's going to be coming out here to the Los Angeles
ramps. You know, which you'd be very Joe Nemeth. Joe Willie.
Joe Willie ended. That's actually, that's a good fucking quiz, Huh?
He named hall of fame quarterbacks in teams that they ended with Joe name at the
end of what? The rams. Johnny John Unitas. Johnny Unitas ended with San Diego,
I believe.
Um,
it's hard man.
Once you think once they fucking disappear and they go off the fucking radar.
Let's pick another one here.
Drew Bledsoe. Who did he finish with? Drew Bledsoe.
Went to the bills.
Then he went to the cowboys and I want to say he went somewhere else.
Brett Farve. Where did he add vikings.
Okay.
Who was going to go to the vikings at the end of his career at the last second
said, fuck that. I'm not doing it. And was a smart move. I mentioned earlier,
Dan Marino, Dan Marino had an offer and he said, no, fuck it. I'm not doing it.
And what's great is all of his highlights. He's wearing the dolphins uniform.
He doesn't have that sad,
you know the last team I fucking played for uniform
Emmett Smith. Where did he finish?
Huh?
Arizona Franco Harris.
Seattle Seahawks.
Okay.
You know what? I think I invented a good drinking game.
Might you just go through, then somebody's got to look it up.
Then that means somebody knows all the answers. You know what I think?
I just thought I had a great idea, but I didn't. All right, go fuck yourselves.
I'll check it out on Thursday.